Add quiz for Intro to Greedy Algos (#2180)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/2_Bronze/Intro_Greedy.mdx

<Problems problems="general" />

<!-- Anything else major that needs to be added? Bronze Ad Hoc is not very complicated. -->

> 	

Reviewer: add quiz header

<Quiz>
  <Quiz.Question>
    What's a greedy algorithm?
    <Quiz.Answer>
      An algorithm which backtracks in order to find the most optimal solution.
      <Quiz.Explanation>

>         Incorrect. A greedy algorithm doesn't backtrack. Instead, it directly constructs an answer.

Reviewer: i mean there are greedy backtracking algorithms (like the one in AC - independent set I think?)

Reviewer: so something along the lines of it might not necessarily backtrack would be more correct

Reviewer 2: sure but in general for 99.99% of the time he got greedy right

Reviewer 2: i think its fine youre pointing out something that is a very specific case

Author: yeah idk, i was just taking out sections from the module:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81596991/132635404-768a5819-ef4b-42ea-b3ec-7fb56624e1bf.png)

Reviewer: correct me if i'm wrong, but taking back a choice is different from backtracking (which is a method of search)?

Author: > correct me if i'm wrong, but taking back a choice is different from backtracking (which is a method of search)?

i thought backtracking was kind of it's own algorithm? you might be right, i think i worded the answer unclearly

Author: i changed it to "take back choices", but if there's anything else, just lmk :D

      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer correct>

>       An algorithm which makes the most optimal choice at each step.

Reviewer: technically "locally optimal choice at each stage" but this is ok

      <Quiz.Explanation>

>         Correct. This allows a greedy algorithm to be very efficient.

Reviewer: perhaps add "and often easier to code"

      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      An algorithm which tries every possible combination in order to find the most optimal outcome.
      <Quiz.Explanation>

>         Incorrect. This is known as complete search or brute force.

Reviewer: could link to articles

      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>

>     Why would a greedy algorithm be preferred over a complete search algorithm when faced with a large dataset? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Why would a greedy algorithm be preferred over a complete search algorithm when faced with a large input size? 
```

<Problems problems="general" />

<!-- Anything else major that needs to be added? Bronze Ad Hoc is not very complicated. -->

## Quiz
	
<Quiz>
  <Quiz.Question>
    What's a greedy algorithm?
    <Quiz.Answer>

>       An algorithm which takes back choices in order to find the most optimal solution.

Reviewer: i feel like this is too obvious. I think previously, the backtracking was good, as in the question. The answer would be something like "although greedy algorithms can use backtracking, this is not true for all of them"

      An algorithm which tries every possible combination in order to find the most optimal outcome.
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. This is known as [complete search](https://usaco.guide/bronze/intro-complete) or [brute force](https://usaco.guide/bronze/intro-complete).
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>
    Why would a greedy algorithm be preferred over a complete search algorithm when faced with a large input size? 
    <Quiz.Answer correct>
      Since greedy algorithms directly construct an answer, greedy algorithms are generally more efficient.
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Correct.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      Since finding an optimal choice is often easier than doing casework for all pairs, greedy algorithms are easier to implement.
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. This varies for every problem.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      Greedy algorithms are much easier to debug.
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. This varies for every problem.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>

>     Why should you learn how to greedily think about problems?

Reviewer 3: feels like a bad question, it definitely could be a substitute for other algorithms?

Author: yeah you're right, ill change all of them to possible answers.

Reviewer: also i think it would be beneficial to add that it builds intuition for when certain reductions can be made

    <Quiz.Answer correct>
      It provides a new outlook on a problem, and could help you solve a problem much faster!
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Correct. All of these are viable answers.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer correct>

>       It's a substitute for other algorithms.

Reviewer: i would say it can be at the very least because this might wrongly imply that it could substitute a large number of algorithms (usually certain preconditions have to be met)

Reviewer: as in "it can be a substitute for algorithms"
